KR-NS Access Namespace :: Access any element - lookup, inquiry, document, or batch job - within a given namespace. :: Namespace Type
KR-NS Administrate Routing :: Administer the routing of a document of a given type. :: Document Type
KR-NS Blanket Approve Document :: Blanket approve a document of a given type. :: Document Type
KR-NS Initiate Document :: Initiate a document of a given type. :: Document Type
KR-NS Receive Ad Hoc :: Receive ad hoc routing requests for a given document type. :: Document Type
KR-NS Lookup Record :: Perform lookups of business object components of a given type. :: Component Type
KR-NS Inquire Record :: Open inquiry screens on business object components of a given type. :: Component Type
KR-NS Modify Record :: Modify, via maintenance document, business object components of a given type. :: Component Type
KR-NS View Document :: View a document of a given type. :: Document with Routing Type
KR-NS View Component :: View a component - likely within a document - of a given type. :: Component with Routing Type
KR-NS View Property :: View a property of a component or document of a given type. :: Property with Routing Type
KR-NS Completely Unmask Property :: Completely remove masking of a property of a component or document of a given type. :: Property with Routing Type
KR-NS Partially Unmask Property :: Partially remove masking of a property of a component or document with a given type. :: Property with Routing Type
KR-NS Edit Document :: Make changes to a document of a given type. :: Document with Routing Type
KR-NS Edit Component :: Make changes to a business object component - likekly on a document - of a given type. :: Component with Routing Type
KR-NS Edit Property :: Make changes to a property on a business object component or document of a given type. :: Property with Routing Type
KFS-SYS Upload for Batch Job :: Upload input files for a given batch job. :: Batch Input File Type
KFS-SYS Execute Batch Job :: Run a given batch job. :: Batch Job Type
KFS-SYS Claim :: Claim an electronic payment claim with a given document. :: Document Type
KR-NS Perform Action in Lookup :: Permit performance of action from lookup for given component. :: Component Action with Routing Type
KR-NS Perform Action in Document :: Permit performance of action in document. :: Document Action with Routing Type
KFS-SYS Maintain Parameter :: Permit the maintenace of a parameter. :: Parameter Type
KR-NS Ad Hoc Request :: Permit an Ad Hoc Request. :: Document with Action Request